I love yous it's gamescom this week and
so will be pumping up lots of trailers
in the coming days and lots of coverage
when the first trailers released has
been for the new ridge rater title to
next year let's take a look at this
Peggy seven
so we've seen the trailer now lots of
action lots of noise Namco don't want me
playing it at the moment I don't know if
that's a good thing or a bad thing but
whenever we ask to play it they don't
want us getting near it maybe it's
because of my earlier comments in the
year when I said that it doesn't feel
like a ridge racer title but I'd stand
by that it doesn't feel like a ridge
racer title i'm away from the
developer's point of view this isn't
ridge racer rate it's another title
that's taking the ridge racer name I
just wish they hadn't done that and just
created a new brand obviously looking at
it it's very much a cross between I
don't know burnout split second but of
course with the action Smith seconds
yourself devices which destroyed
buildings as you're looking at here for
for this you know obviously you're
connecting the buildings that the
environments are very destructible it
does look like a very early version some
of the cars in some scenes look like the
not a part of the background something
that needs a lot of work at this stage
maybe they're showing it too early i
don't know i don't know when it's
actually due for launch so at the moment
it looks like a nice arcade rump if you
like if you like burnout classic burn
out a lot of it smashing bashing racing
and sure it would be good fun online and
there's lots of potential and I'm sure
there'll be lots of little multiplayer
game modes in there as well but until we
get permission for our hands on it so
it's pretty unlikely we won't be I show
you too much more of it so that's ridge
racer and i'll be showing you should
shown you more from the show as the week
goes on